then the Prophet Haggai and Zechariah
then the Prophet Haggai and Zechariah the son of Edo prophets prophesied to
the son of Edo prophets prophesied to
the son of Edo prophets prophesied to the Jews who were in Judah and Jerusalem
the Jews who were in Judah and Jerusalem
the Jews who were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel who was
in the name of the God of Israel who was
in the name of the God of Israel who was over them so zerubbabel the son of
over them so zerubbabel the son of
over them so zerubbabel the son of shealtiel and joshua the son of josedech
shealtiel and joshua the son of josedech
shealtiel and joshua the son of josedech rosa and began to build the house of God
rosa and began to build the house of God
rosa and began to build the house of God which is in Jerusalem and the prophets
which is in Jerusalem and the prophets
which is in Jerusalem and the prophets of God will with them helping them at
of God will with them helping them at
of God will with them helping them at the same time
the same time
the same time Titano the governor of the region beyond
Titano the governor of the region beyond
Titano the governor of the region beyond the river and she thought Asma and their
the river and she thought Asma and their
the river and she thought Asma and their companions came to them and spoke thus
companions came to them and spoke thus
companions came to them and spoke thus to them who has commanded you to build
to them who has commanded you to build
to them who has commanded you to build this temple and finish this wall then
this temple and finish this wall then
this temple and finish this wall then accordingly we told them the names of
accordingly we told them the names of
accordingly we told them the names of the men who were constructing this
the men who were constructing this
the men who were constructing this building but the eye of their God was
building but the eye of their God was
building but the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews so that they
upon the elders of the Jews so that they
upon the elders of the Jews so that they could not make them cease till a report
could not make them cease till a report
could not make them cease till a report could go to Darius then a written answer
could go to Darius then a written answer
could go to Darius then a written answer was returned concerning this matter this
was returned concerning this matter this
was returned concerning this matter this is a copy of the letter that taught and
is a copy of the letter that taught and
is a copy of the letter that taught and I sent the governor of the region beyond
I sent the governor of the region beyond
I sent the governor of the region beyond the river and sheathe Abbas died and his
the river and sheathe Abbas died and his
the river and sheathe Abbas died and his companions the Persians who were in the
companions the Persians who were in the
companions the Persians who were in the region beyond the river - Darius the
region beyond the river - Darius the
region beyond the river - Darius the king they sent a letter to him in which
king they sent a letter to him in which
king they sent a letter to him in which was written thus - Darius the King all
was written thus - Darius the King all
was written thus - Darius the King all peace let it be known to the king that
peace let it be known to the king that
peace let it be known to the king that we went into the province of Judea to
we went into the province of Judea to
we went into the province of Judea to the temple of the Great God which is
the temple of the Great God which is
the temple of the Great God which is being built with heavy stones and timber
being built with heavy stones and timber
being built with heavy stones and timber is being laid in the walls and this work
is being laid in the walls and this work
is being laid in the walls and this work goes on diligently and prospers in their
goes on diligently and prospers in their
goes on diligently and prospers in their hands then we asked those elders and
hands then we asked those elders and
hands then we asked those elders and spoke thus to them who commanded you to
spoke thus to them who commanded you to
spoke thus to them who commanded you to build this temple and to finish these
build this temple and to finish these
build this temple and to finish these walls we also asked them their names to
walls we also asked them their names to
walls we also asked them their names to inform you that we might write the names
inform you that we might write the names
inform you that we might write the names of the men who were chief among them
of the men who were chief among them
of the men who were chief among them and thus they returned us an answer
and thus they returned us an answer
and thus they returned us an answer saying we are the servants of the God of
saying we are the servants of the God of
saying we are the servants of the God of heaven and earth and we are rebuilding
heaven and earth and we are rebuilding
heaven and earth and we are rebuilding the temple that was built many years ago
the temple that was built many years ago
the temple that was built many years ago which a great king of Israel built and
which a great king of Israel built and
which a great king of Israel built and completed but because our fathers
completed but because our fathers
completed but because our fathers provoked the God of heaven to wrath he
provoked the God of heaven to wrath he
provoked the God of heaven to wrath he gave them into the hand of
gave them into the hand of
gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon the
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon the
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon the Chaldean who destroyed this temple and
Chaldean who destroyed this temple and
Chaldean who destroyed this temple and carried the people away to Babylon
carried the people away to Babylon
carried the people away to Babylon however in the first year of Cyrus king
however in the first year of Cyrus king
however in the first year of Cyrus king of Babylon King Cyrus issued a decree to
of Babylon King Cyrus issued a decree to
of Babylon King Cyrus issued a decree to build this house of God also the gold
build this house of God also the gold
build this house of God also the gold and silver articles of the house of God
and silver articles of the house of God
and silver articles of the house of God which Nebuchadnezzar had taken from the
which Nebuchadnezzar had taken from the
which Nebuchadnezzar had taken from the temple that was in Jerusalem and carried
temple that was in Jerusalem and carried
temple that was in Jerusalem and carried into the temple of Babylon those King
into the temple of Babylon those King
into the temple of Babylon those King Cyrus took from the temple of Babylon
Cyrus took from the temple of Babylon
Cyrus took from the temple of Babylon and they were given to one named shez
and they were given to one named shez
and they were given to one named shez basa who he had made governor and he
basa who he had made governor and he
basa who he had made governor and he said to him take these articles go carry
said to him take these articles go carry
said to him take these articles go carry them to the temple site that is in
them to the temple site that is in
them to the temple site that is in Jerusalem and unless the house of God be
Jerusalem and unless the house of God be
Jerusalem and unless the house of God be rebuilt on its former site then the same
rebuilt on its former site then the same
rebuilt on its former site then the same shesh basser
shesh basser
shesh basser came and laid the foundation of the
came and laid the foundation of the
came and laid the foundation of the house of God which is in Jerusalem but
house of God which is in Jerusalem but
house of God which is in Jerusalem but from that time even until now it has
from that time even until now it has
from that time even until now it has been under construction and it is not
been under construction and it is not
been under construction and it is not finished now therefore if it seems good
finished now therefore if it seems good
finished now therefore if it seems good to the king let a search be made in the
to the king let a search be made in the
to the king let a search be made in the Kings treasure house which is there in
Kings treasure house which is there in
Kings treasure house which is there in Babylon whether it is so that a decree
Babylon whether it is so that a decree
Babylon whether it is so that a decree was issued by King Cyrus to build this
was issued by King Cyrus to build this
was issued by King Cyrus to build this house of God at Jerusalem and let the
house of God at Jerusalem and let the
house of God at Jerusalem and let the king send us his pleasure concerning
king send us his pleasure concerning
king send us his pleasure concerning this matter
this matter
this matter [Music]